#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile
#
aiohttp==3.9.3
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via aiohttp
aiosmtplib==1.1.6
    # via supertokens-python
annotated-types==0.6.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.3.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   langchain-core
    #   openai
    #   starlette
    #   watchfiles
asgiref==3.7.2
    # via supertokens-python
attrs==23.2.0
    # via aiohttp
build==1.1.1
    # via pip-tools
certifi==2024.2.2
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.16.0
    # via cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   pip-tools
    #   uvicorn
cryptography==42.0.5
    # via pyjwt
dataclasses-json==0.6.4
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
deprecated==1.2.13
    # via supertokens-python
distro==1.9.0
    # via openai
dnspython==2.6.1
    # via
    #   email-validator
    #   pymongo
email-validator==2.1.1
    # via pydantic
fastapi==0.110.0
    # via -r requirements.in
filelock==3.13.1
    # via tldextract
frozenlist==1.4.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
httpcore==1.0.4
    # via httpx
httptools==0.6.1
    # via uvicorn
httpx==0.26.0
    # via
    #   openai
    #   supertokens-python
idna==3.6
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   email-validator
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   tldextract
    #   yarl
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
jsonpointer==2.4
    # via jsonpatch
langchain==0.1.11
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-community==0.0.27
    # via langchain
langchain-core==0.1.30
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-openai
    #   langchain-text-splitters
langchain-openai==0.0.8
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-text-splitters==0.0.1
    # via langchain
langsmith==0.1.23
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
marshmallow==3.21.1
    # via dataclasses-json
motor==3.3.2
    # via -r requirements.in
multidict==6.0.5
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via typing-inspect
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
openai==1.13.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-openai
orjson==3.9.15
    # via langsmith
packaging==23.2
    # via
    #   build
    #   langchain-core
    #   marshmallow
phonenumbers==8.12.48
    # via supertokens-python
pip-tools==7.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pkce==1.0.3
    # via supertokens-python
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pycryptodome==3.10.4
    # via supertokens-python
pydantic[email]==2.6.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   openai
    #   pydantic-settings
pydantic-core==2.16.3
    # via pydantic
pydantic-settings==2.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pyjwt[crypto]==2.8.0
    # via
    #   pyjwt
    #   supertokens-python
    #   twilio
pymongo==4.6.2
    # via motor
pyproject-hooks==1.0.0
    # via
    #   build
    #   pip-tools
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic-settings
    #   uvicorn
pytz==2024.1
    # via twilio
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
    #   uvicorn
regex==2023.12.25
    # via tiktoken
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   requests-file
    #   tiktoken
    #   tldextract
    #   twilio
requests-file==2.0.0
    # via tldextract
slack-sdk==3.27.1
    # via -r requirements.in
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   openai
sqlalchemy==2.0.28
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
starlette==0.36.3
    # via fastapi
supertokens-python==0.18.8
    # via -r requirements.in
tenacity==8.2.3
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
tiktoken==0.6.0
    # via langchain-openai
tldextract==3.1.0
    # via supertokens-python
tqdm==4.66.2
    # via openai
twilio==7.9.1
    # via supertokens-python
typing-extensions==4.10.0
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   openai
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   supertokens-python
    #   typing-inspect
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via dataclasses-json
urllib3==2.2.1
    # via requests
uvicorn[standard]==0.28.0
    # via -r requirements.in
uvloop==0.19.0
    # via uvicorn
watchfiles==0.21.0
    # via uvicorn
websockets==12.0
    # via uvicorn
wheel==0.43.0
    # via pip-tools
wrapt==1.16.0
    # via deprecated
yarl==1.9.4
    # via aiohttp

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
